Document NetBox's threat model (#22575)
netbox-community/netbox: THREAT_MODEL.md

| A superuser modifies the database, reads secrets, or creates another superuser | Not a vulnerability | Superusers and infrastructure operators are trusted by design.                                                                                                                                                  |
| A template author reads NetBox data they are otherwise permitted to view | Not a vulnerability | Template rendering with objects in scope is the purpose of the feature; the sandbox, not permission scoping, is the boundary.                                                                                   |
| Missing login/request rate limiting | Out of scope | A deployment-layer concern, handled by the reverse proxy rather than the application.                                                                                                                           |

> | Client IP spoofing via `X-Forwarded-For` and similar headers | Out of scope | NetBox trusts the headers the reverse proxy sets; trustworthy client IP is a proxy responsibility ([`HTTP_CLIENT_IP_HEADERS`](https://docs.netbox.dev/en/stable/configuration/system/#http_client_ip_headers)). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Client IP spoofing via `X-Forwarded-For` and similar headers | Out of scope | NetBox trusts the headers the reverse proxy sets; trustworthy client IP is a proxy responsibility ([`HTTP_CLIENT_IP_HEADERS`](https://netboxlabs.com/docs/netbox/configuration/system/#http_client_ip_headers)). |
```
